doc/golab_group_create.md, before:

## golab group create

New group

### Synopsis


Creates a new project group. Available only for users who can create groups.

```
golab group create [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --description string       (optional) the description of the group
  -h, --help                     help for create
  -l, --lfs_enabled              (optional) Enable/disable (default) Large File Storage (LFS) for the projects in this group
  -n, --name string              (required) the name of the group
  -p, --path string              (required) the path of the group
  -r, --request_access_enabled   (optional) Allow users to request member access.
  -v, --visibility string        (optional) The visibility level of the group. Can be 'private' (default), 'internal', or 'public'. (default "private")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab group](golab_group.md)	 - Manage Gitlab Groups

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_group_create.md, after:

## golab group create

New group

### Synopsis


Creates a new project group. Available only for users who can create groups.

```
golab group create [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --description string       (optional) the description of the group
  -h, --help                     help for create
  -l, --lfs_enabled              (optional) Enable/disable (default) Large File Storage (LFS) for the projects in this group
  -n, --name string              (required) the name of the group
  -p, --path string              (required) the path of the group
  -r, --request_access_enabled   (optional) Allow users to request member access.
  -v, --visibility string        (optional) The visibility level of the group. Can be 'private' (default), 'internal', or 'public'. (default "private")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab group](golab_group.md)	 - Manage Gitlab Groups

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
