doc/golab_group.md, before:

## golab group

Manage Gitlab Groups

### Synopsis


Show, create, update and delete Gitlab groups.

```
golab group [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for group
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab](golab.md)	 - Gitlab CLI written in Go
* [golab group create](golab_group_create.md)	 - New group
* [golab group delete](golab_group_delete.md)	 - Remove group
* [golab group get](golab_group_get.md)	 - Details of a group
* [golab group ls](golab_group_ls.md)	 - List groups
* [golab group projects](golab_group_projects.md)	 - List a group's projects
* [golab group search](golab_group_search.md)	 - Search for group
* [golab group transfer-project](golab_group_transfer-project.md)	 - Transfer project to group
* [golab group update](golab_group_update.md)	 - Update group

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_group.md, after:

## golab group

Manage Gitlab Groups

### Synopsis


Show, create, update and delete Gitlab groups.

```
golab group [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for group
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab](golab.md)	 - Gitlab CLI written in Go
* [golab group create](golab_group_create.md)	 - New group
* [golab group delete](golab_group_delete.md)	 - Remove group
* [golab group get](golab_group_get.md)	 - Details of a group
* [golab group ls](golab_group_ls.md)	 - List groups
* [golab group projects](golab_group_projects.md)	 - List a group's projects
* [golab group search](golab_group_search.md)	 - Search for group
* [golab group transfer-project](golab_group_transfer-project.md)	 - Transfer project to group
* [golab group update](golab_group_update.md)	 - Update group

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
