doc/golab_user_modify.md, before:

## golab user modify

Modify a user

### Synopsis


Allows modification of a user's properties

Currently there are some restrictions:
* the email address cannot be modified
* the organization cannot be modified
* projects limit cannot be modified
* location cannot be modified


```
golab user modify [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -a, --admin string              (optional) user is admin - true or false
      --bio string                (optional) user's new biography
      --can_create_group string   (optional) user can create groups - true or false
  -e, --email string              (optional) user's new email address
      --extern_uid string         (optional) user's new external UID
      --external string           (optional) flags the user as external - true or false
  -h, --help                      help for modify
  -i, --id int                    (mandatory) id of the user to be modified
      --linkedin string           (optional) user's new LinkedIn account
      --location string           (optional) user's new location
  -n, --name string               (optional) user's new name
      --organization string       (optional) user's new organization name
  -p, --password string           (optional) user's new password
      --projects_limit int        (optional) user's new projects limit (default -1)
      --provider string           (optional) user's new external provider name
      --skype string              (optional) user's new Skype ID
      --twitter string            (optional) user's new Twitter account
  -u, --username string           (optional) user's new username
      --website_url string        (optional) user's new website URL
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab user](golab_user.md)	 - Manage Gitlab users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_user_modify.md, after:

## golab user modify

Modify a user

### Synopsis


Allows modification of a user's properties

Currently there are some restrictions:
* the email address cannot be modified
* the organization cannot be modified
* projects limit cannot be modified
* location cannot be modified


```
golab user modify [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -a, --admin string              (optional) user is admin - true or false
      --bio string                (optional) user's new biography
      --can_create_group string   (optional) user can create groups - true or false
  -e, --email string              (optional) user's new email address
      --extern_uid string         (optional) user's new external UID
      --external string           (optional) flags the user as external - true or false
  -h, --help                      help for modify
  -i, --id int                    (mandatory) id of the user to be modified
      --linkedin string           (optional) user's new LinkedIn account
      --location string           (optional) user's new location
  -n, --name string               (optional) user's new name
      --organization string       (optional) user's new organization name
  -p, --password string           (optional) user's new password
      --projects_limit int        (optional) user's new projects limit (default -1)
      --provider string           (optional) user's new external provider name
      --skype string              (optional) user's new Skype ID
      --twitter string            (optional) user's new Twitter account
  -u, --username string           (optional) user's new username
      --website_url string        (optional) user's new website URL
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab user](golab_user.md)	 - Manage Gitlab users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
