doc/golab_user_impersonation-token_create.md, before:

## golab user impersonation-token create

Create an impersonation token

### Synopsis


It creates a new impersonation token. Note that only administrators can do this. You are only able to create impersonation tokens to impersonate the user and perform both API calls and Git reads and writes. The user will not see these tokens in their profile settings page.

```
golab user impersonation-token create [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -e, --expires_at string   (optional) the expiration date of the impersonation token in ISO format (YYYY-MM-DD)
  -h, --help                help for create
  -n, --name string         (required) the name of the impersonation token
  -s, --scopes_array api    (required) the comma-separated array of scopes of the impersonation token ( allowed values: api, `read_user`)
  -u, --user int            (required) the id of the user
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab user impersonation-token](golab_user_impersonation-token.md)	 - Manage impersonation tokens

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_user_impersonation-token_create.md, after:

## golab user impersonation-token create

Create an impersonation token

### Synopsis


It creates a new impersonation token. Note that only administrators can do this. You are only able to create impersonation tokens to impersonate the user and perform both API calls and Git reads and writes. The user will not see these tokens in their profile settings page.

```
golab user impersonation-token create [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -e, --expires_at string   (optional) the expiration date of the impersonation token in ISO format (YYYY-MM-DD)
  -h, --help                help for create
  -n, --name string         (required) the name of the impersonation token
  -s, --scopes_array api    (required) the comma-separated array of scopes of the impersonation token ( allowed values: api, `read_user`)
  -u, --user int            (required) the id of the user
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab user impersonation-token](golab_user_impersonation-token.md)	 - Manage impersonation tokens

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
