doc/golab_user.md, before:

## golab user

Manage Gitlab users

### Synopsis


Allows create, update and deletion of a user

```
golab user [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for user
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab](golab.md)	 - Gitlab CLI written in Go
* [golab user activities](golab_user_activities.md)	 - Get the last activity date for all users, sorted from oldest to newest.
* [golab user create](golab_user_create.md)	 - Create a new user
* [golab user delete](golab_user_delete.md)	 - Delete a user
* [golab user emails](golab_user_emails.md)	 - Manage emails for users
* [golab user get](golab_user_get.md)	 - Get user details
* [golab user impersonation-token](golab_user_impersonation-token.md)	 - Manage impersonation tokens
* [golab user ls](golab_user_ls.md)	 - Get list of all users
* [golab user modify](golab_user_modify.md)	 - Modify a user
* [golab user ssh-keys](golab_user_ssh-keys.md)	 - Manage a user's ssh keys

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_user.md, after:

## golab user

Manage Gitlab users

### Synopsis


Allows create, update and deletion of a user

```
golab user [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for user
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab](golab.md)	 - Gitlab CLI written in Go
* [golab user activities](golab_user_activities.md)	 - Get the last activity date for all users, sorted from oldest to newest.
* [golab user create](golab_user_create.md)	 - Create a new user
* [golab user delete](golab_user_delete.md)	 - Delete a user
* [golab user emails](golab_user_emails.md)	 - Manage emails for users
* [golab user get](golab_user_get.md)	 - Get user details
* [golab user impersonation-token](golab_user_impersonation-token.md)	 - Manage impersonation tokens
* [golab user ls](golab_user_ls.md)	 - Get list of all users
* [golab user modify](golab_user_modify.md)	 - Modify a user
* [golab user ssh-keys](golab_user_ssh-keys.md)	 - Manage a user's ssh keys

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
