doc/golab_project_create.md, before:

## golab project create

Create a new project

### Synopsis


Create a new project for the given parameters

```
golab project create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --avatar string                                      Image file for avatar of the project
      --ci_config_path string                              The path to CI config file
      --container_registry_enabled                         Enable container registry for this project
      --default_branch string                              master by default
      --description string                                 Short project description
  -h, --help                                               help for create
      --import_url string                                  URL to import repository from
      --issues_enabled                                     Enable issues for this project
      --jobs_enabled                                       Enable jobs for this project
      --lfs_enabled                                        Enable LFS
      --merge_requests_enabled                             Enable merge requests for this project
      --name string                                        The name of the new project
      --namespace_id int                                   Namespace ID (Group ID) for the new project (defaults to the current user's namespace)
      --only_allow_merge_if_all_discussions_are_resolved   Set whether merge requests can only be merged when all the discussions are resolved
      --only_allow_merge_if_pipeline_succeeds              Set whether merge requests can only be merged with successful jobs
      --path string                                        Custom repository name for new project.By default generated based on name
      --printing_merge_request_link_enabled                Show link to create/view merge request when pushing from the command line
      --public_jobs                                        If true, jobs can be viewed by non-project-members
      --request_access_enabled                             Allow users to request member access
      --resolve_outdated_diff_discussions                  Automatically resolve merge request diffs discussions on lines changed with a push
      --shared_runners_enabled                             Enable shared runners for this project
      --snippets_enabled                                   Enable snippets for this project
      --tag_list stringArray                               The list of tags for a project; put array of tags, that should be finally assigned to a project
      --visibility string                                  See project visibility level
      --wiki_enabled                                       Enable wiki for this project
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --config string   (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab project](golab_project.md)	 - Manage projects

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017

Commit message:

add doc for providing certs with --ca-path and --ca-file

doc/golab_project_create.md, after:

## golab project create

Create a new project

### Synopsis


Create a new project for the given parameters

```
golab project create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --avatar string                                      Image file for avatar of the project
      --ci_config_path string                              The path to CI config file
      --container_registry_enabled                         Enable container registry for this project
      --default_branch string                              master by default
      --description string                                 Short project description
  -h, --help                                               help for create
      --import_url string                                  URL to import repository from
      --issues_enabled                                     Enable issues for this project
      --jobs_enabled                                       Enable jobs for this project
      --lfs_enabled                                        Enable LFS
      --merge_requests_enabled                             Enable merge requests for this project
      --name string                                        The name of the new project
      --namespace_id int                                   Namespace ID (Group ID) for the new project (defaults to the current user's namespace)
      --only_allow_merge_if_all_discussions_are_resolved   Set whether merge requests can only be merged when all the discussions are resolved
      --only_allow_merge_if_pipeline_succeeds              Set whether merge requests can only be merged with successful jobs
      --path string                                        Custom repository name for new project.By default generated based on name
      --printing_merge_request_link_enabled                Show link to create/view merge request when pushing from the command line
      --public_jobs                                        If true, jobs can be viewed by non-project-members
      --request_access_enabled                             Allow users to request member access
      --resolve_outdated_diff_discussions                  Automatically resolve merge request diffs discussions on lines changed with a push
      --shared_runners_enabled                             Enable shared runners for this project
      --snippets_enabled                                   Enable snippets for this project
      --tag_list stringArray                               The list of tags for a project; put array of tags, that should be finally assigned to a project
      --visibility string                                  See project visibility level
      --wiki_enabled                                       Enable wiki for this project
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --ca-file string   (optional) provides a .pem file to be used in certificates pool for SSL connection
      --ca-path string   (optional) provides a directory with .pem certificates to be used for SSL connection
      --config string    (optional) CURRENTLY NOT SUPPORTED config file (default is ./.golab.yml and $HOME/.golab.yml)
```

### SEE ALSO
* [golab project](golab_project.md)	 - Manage projects

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 4-Dec-2017
